well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about the
federation
um and what we can learn from a story
not necessarily a very credible story
but a story that broke last night
and it prompted a an entertaining
reaction
on social media as the story goes
they're here they those people from up
there
aliens they're here and they have been
in contact
with a couple of governments um
and there are some less believable
pieces to this story as well
but a key part of it is that there is a
galactic federation
but we're just not ready for it yet
humans humanity
we're not ready to join this exclusive
club of
intelligent beings
and the thing is when that
piece of information circulated
the response was well yeah i mean we get
it we're we're the neighborhood in the
galaxy that everybody drives by with
their doors locked
got it and yeah it makes sense
and there are a whole bunch of reasons
that people think
that's the case so while
this story doesn't have a whole lot of
credibility it's worth entertaining as a
thought exercise
because i think there's something we can
learn from it
you know obviously the number one
hindrance to us joining
a federation is the fact that we don't
have a warp drive i mean everybody knows
you have to have a warp drive to join
the federation but that's not what most
people pointed to
most people just pointed around them
to the state of the world and that's the
reason
because we are the bad neighborhood in
the galaxy
you know we have enough food to feed
everybody
but not everybody's getting fed because
we can't handle distribution on our own
planet
we have wars for resources
because we still have a profit motivator
for
everything we have people living in the
streets
our main scientific drive is to find
ever more efficient ways to hurt each
other
meanwhile not everybody on the planet
has clean water
these are the reasons that people
pointed to the state of the world
and on some level that makes sense
and that has been heavily influenced
by science fiction science fiction
is a unique tool that allows
people to remove
current political discussions from this
context
and put it into another so it can be
discussed more freely
barring some overriding prime
guidance some kind of directive that
would bar
intelligent beings from interfering in
the affairs of lesser planets
i would imagine that some scientifically
advanced species
might want to help they'd probably be
pretty compassionate
you know this idea that there are
certain technological
and philosophical milestones that have
to be met
that came from science fiction and it
came from one of the largest franchises
the thing is that was really political
that was an incredibly political series
and i don't know that he actually
believed that would be
the way intelligent beings from other
worlds
behaved i think that was his guidance
this is how we get from a world
that at the time was just bent on
destroying itself
even more so than now
to a world where we can boldly go where
no man has gone before
the thing is i don't think that's right
i don't think that's why
if such a federation existed somewhere
why they wouldn't approach us i think
the reason they wouldn't approach us
is because when the concept the idea of
our application being rejected
surfaced here on this planet
we all laughed and acknowledged it like
of course they wouldn't
i think that's the reason because we're
very well aware of the fact we are
behaving
as a failed species
but we're not doing much to change it
and i think that would be the reason i
don't think it would have to do with
technology or philosophy
because it's not like we're unteachable
i would imagine that they would see us
and want to civilize us so to speak
and bring us to the next generation
we know the world is messed up
and we're not doing much to change it
we're not striving to get ahead
we're very complacent this is the way it
is
we are a backward species and we're okay
with it
that's the reason where the neighborhood
that everybody drives past with the
doors locked
not technology now
all of that is uh
the story is less than believable the
most
unbelievable part is the idea that
donald trump
is aware of said galactic federation but
was convinced not to talk about it
let's just be honest if he
knew about this we would know about this
he would have either said something
while standing next to the my pillow
guy or tweeted it out in the middle of
the night
and i mean we'd also be able to tell by
his reaction
if if he believed there were alien
beings
in space he would i don't know
build a wall in space or something i'm
sure some are good people though
at the end of the day when we look at
this and we think about
these possibilities because while this
story is very
less than credible um
the idea of other beings on other
planets isn't
it's kind of a mathematical certainty
that there are
we're going to have to face the fact
that we have to change
we have to pursue star trek or we will
end up with mad
max anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day